everyone has a sniper aiming at their
heart
but true terror isn't when the bullet
hits you
it's when it takes away someone you love
come back they'll bring everything they
got and we are not in a position to
defend ourselves sergio
and nairobi needs a surgeon
we just fired an anti-tank at them
they're not going to give us a searching
she's got a [ __ ] bullet inside her
lung
if nairobi says she's leaving i'm
walking her to the door
i knew you piece of [ __ ] you're gonna
shut your mouth
because from now on you're no longer my
boss i'm gonna let you all play little
doctors
while i think about my next move careful
huh
time to begin face to a plane hamlin
copy that
that bastard is on the move 42
kilometers away from your position
are you sure what if it's another trap
[Music]
nobody trusts you anymore you know it's
yours
dr ahmed will be the brains but he'll be
seven thousand kilometers away so you
will be his hands
it won't be easy arturo is a positive
arturo what have you done
what have you done what if i didn't
check these [ __ ] this could have killed
my wrong i apologize
i'm so sorry god i i don't know what was
going on through my head really i
it was so long since i seen her she was
so close
i don't know i guess i didn't read the
signs right i pushed him away
in a second with a gun denver listen
to me i defended myself denver
yeah that's it good good
careful that's it yes there it is
[Music]
i don't want my son to feel that
irrational violence you carry inside of
you
i don't want that
ladies and gentlemen it's been a
pleasure
i'm telling the truth palermo i'll do it
that's the truth
[Music]
if they really killed her we would know
she's being interrogated hey gandhian
now that we're both on the same side may
i ask you a question i'm a little
confused
are we the good guys or the bad guys
what are you doing here you're
you're under arrest
with this money in the alibi you are
free to choose whose side you want to be
on
on that woman's side the one who makes
illegal arrests tortures
or with us inspector maria
is she alive
well she could be we cross-checked it
with data from several phone carriers
we came up with 354 cards matching those
end numbers
one of them was bought three months ago
mindanao the philippines oh [ __ ] i knew
it in 24 hours you'll all be together
we'll never come after you everything
won't be over
yes the philippines they know
this doesn't change anything for you i
need you to get to that office
now show her the watch and tell her i'm
with you
stop moving
see you soon oh [ __ ] sorry robbie
something's wrong
i'll take this and this one as well
[Music]
via chief of security for the governor
of the bank of spain i'm calling from a
secure line belonging to the ministry of
the interior my hands are tied
the president doesn't want any more
battles in the center of madrid
that everything you do will just be
considered self-defense
there won't be any legal problems if you
eliminate them all
you'll be a hero to me to our
investigators and to the government of
this country
but we got to mindanao and your mother
and daughter
weren't there anymore
i'd like to take this moment to give my
thanks to palermo
julia been a long time no
[Music]
all right come on
give me a gun that's not why you're here
manila get going you guys are in [ __ ]
trouble so give me a [ __ ] pistol
get out of here right now let's [ __ ]
go over your guns
i told you i was gonna kill you
ten two
you know that blood's dripping from you
like a stuck
they're the governor's personal guards
he covered madrid with posters of rio's
face and sent a description of
everything that was done to him to the
national
and international press just published
the video
some countries are calling for a
commission in strasbourg even amnesty
international is using it as evidence to
open an investigation we're [ __ ]
you took advantage of me amanda i have
no idea what you're talking about but i
don't think this is a good time you
joked
on about cortez for about two months
something like that
or paid 200 000 euros to do it
yeah might as well go for everything no
shit's gonna hit the fan in every
possible scenario
but if you help us out we're not gonna
forget about what you did for us
i'm currently demail i'm in charge i
don't care who's in charge colonel
we're internal affairs what the [ __ ]
going on here
where can i find your prisoner raquel
mario how's nairobi
[Music]
[Applause]
negotiator for the bank of spain has
been fired and she's taken
other people down with her sierra
confesses to the torture but also
confirms government purchases you have
to bury that [ __ ]
[ __ ] you're gonna put that g36 on the
floor in approximately
three seconds because if you don't
you're a dead man
i'm almost running out of paces here
[Applause]
[Music]
i didn't write for
now you get to choose your own fate life
or death
now
[Music]
good morning
good morning hi heading to the room
and the [ __ ] helicopter now
it looks like we've been misled
[Music]
check you son of a [ __ ]
you